Windows Uploads Using Windows
Scripting Languages
In certain scenarios, we may need to
exfiltrate data from a target network
using a Windows client.
Fortunately, if outbound HTTP traffic
is allowed
we can use the System.Net.WebClient
PowerShell class
to upload data to our Kali machine
through an HTTP POST request.
To do this, we can use this PHP code,
which will process an incoming file
upload request
and save the transferred data to the
/var/www/uploads directory.
We will create the uploads folder…
…and modify the folder permissions,
granting the www-data user ownership
and write permissions.
Note that this would allow anyone
interacting with upload.php
to upload files to our Kali
virtual machine.
Generally, we would want to exfiltrate
some interesting documents we found,
but for the purposes of
this demonstration,
we'll simply exfiltrate the evil.exe
binary to our Kali attack machine.
With Apache and the PHP script ready to
receive our file,
we invoke the UploadFile method
from the System.Net.WebClient class
to upload the document we want
to exfiltrate.
After executing the powershell command,
we can verify that the file
was successfully transferred.
Excellent, we were able to upload data
from Windows to our Kali system
without installing any additional
software.